doc: clarify how to reset the default user's password (#7181)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/security/users-and-roles.asciidoc

kubectl get secret quickstart-es-elastic-user -o go-template='{{.data.elastic | base64decode}}'
----

> To rotate this password, refer to: link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/master/k8s-rotate-credentials.html#k8s-rotate-credentials[Rotate auto-generated credentials].

Reviewer: Let's use a internal cross reference:
```suggestion
To rotate this password, refer to <<{p}-rotate-credentials>>.
```

Author: OK, changed to an internal cross reference
